[Music]
what to eat how I like to eat your own
and eat meat
I am a carnivore
Well, do not excuse me, eating is not a
addiction can be transformed with some
eating foods in a matter
repetitious repetitive no nutritional or
even in ground wire to
displeasure but in an automatic act
for which the food was not created
depends on the income of a certain type of
not so not so nutritious nutrients
to an organism that was not prepared
to receive so much quantity so much
repetition of the same so much taste
exciting at the level of the palate
a sometimes pleasurable relationship
is guilty
depends on
as soon as one exceeds oneself and how much good
like to be well and healthy things
and that hunger that I have makes me
return to eat the color makes you choose
certain foods very rich meals
very rich also have an action on
my brain and proteins that are what
transmit sensations to the brain
of pleasure of serenity then we have
good meal is was that
he was seeing in recent years have
an action equivalent to cocaine
about brain dopamine generating
energy and desire and that was sugar
would act on through over
precursors of serotonin which is another
neurotransmitter generating a substance
external one very anti-stress
[Music]